Denali Flight Combat Information System (FCIS) v1.0.0 (generic) 

Required blocks:
    Antenna
    Programmable block
    Transmitter LCD - this is your display and where the data telemetry is grabbed from. It shows what data you are transmitting on your hud and MUST be named "MCR Data LCD"
    Receiver LCD - this is your display for incoming data. It shows incoming data on your hud and MUST be named "MCR Receive LCD"
    Status LCD - this is your display for what channel you are transmitting on. MUST be named "MCR Status LCD"
    Timers - up to 4 on each grid in the fleet. Recommended you put these on a hotbar


Setup:
    Place and name all neccassary blocks. If no name was specified above, feel free to name it whatever

    ALL pilots much choose a callsign and a corresponding channel to transmit data from. To choose a callsign, type one of the commands listed below into the programmable block argument box and hit "run"

        Command: "TX1" -> Channel 1: Callsign Apollo 
        Command: "TX2" -> Channel 2: Callsign Artemis
        Command: "TX3" -> Channel 3: Callsign Taranis
        Command: "TX4" -> Channel 4: Callsign Thor
        Command: "TX5" -> Channel 5: Callsign Hadad

    Once you have set channels for each pilot, each pilot must go into the timers in their hotbar and open the select actions menu. Once there, they must drag the programmable block in and select the "run" option. 
    It will ask for an argument, in which the pilot must put "RX_". The _ is the channel number that the FCIS will listen to when the timer is activated. Each pilot must put in an argument corresponding to the channel of all OTHER pilots. 

        For example, if I choose channel 3 then my 4 timers will have RX1, RX2, RX4 and RX5 as their arguments respectively. 

    If it makes more sense, TX stands for transmitter and RX stands for receiver. With these arguments, you're telling the system what channel to broadcast data on with TX and what channel to listen to data on with RX.

Use: 
    When in combat, locking a target sends the data to your hud and broadcasts it over the channel you chose in setup with the TX_ command, with _ representing your channel number  (eg. the 1 in TX1). When someone selects the timer in their hotbar with RX_ 
    they are choosing to accept the data feed from your channel, and will be able to see all the information the FCIS is displaying on your hud including the callsign. This version of the script has generic callsigns associated with the channels, but for 
    actual TT use I recommend making a seperate version for your team only and replacing the callsigns in the script with actual pilot names.
